# Real-world_Unified_MRI_Denoising
Official code for the paper "Real-world Unified Denoising for Multi-organ Fast MRI: A Large-scale Prospective Validation". Our code will be published after the acceptance of the paper.

# Abstract
Lengthy acquisition is a primary challenge for MR imaging in clinics. Highly accelerated MR imaging can lead to increased noise, reducing the readability and reliability of MR images for disease diagnosis. Here we propose a unified denoising model for multi-organ accelerated MRI, which can be directly applied to the reconstructed images by commercial reconstruction algorithms. Our model was developed on a prospectively collected large-scale real-world MRI dataset containing 148,930 noisy-clean image pairs from six clinical centers and four MRI vendors, covering six organs and 38 MRI protocols. Our model significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art denoising methods consistently in PSNR, SSIM, and LPIPS on 20,143 real-world image pairs. The denoised images were further evaluated by tissue segmentation, achieving 7.05% improvement in Dice score compared to the noisy counterpart. Besides, we directly applied our denoising model on 46,870 external clinical images from four cohorts, and our model holds promise for great generalizability and robustness. Last but not least, two radiologists conducted extensive clinical evaluation on the denoised images of different organs from multiple aspects including 1) overall image quality and diagnosis confidence and 2) disease diagnosis. It turns out that our denoised images can effectively preserve visual fidelity and achieve equivalent diagnosis performance as using clean images even under upto 3× further acceleration of clinically used MRI protocols such that many MRI acquisitions can be completed within 1min, which holds great promise for diverse clinical applications.
